fights started with this idea it's great
that you know you can find drugs against
the cancer but let's lock the mechanisms
by which the cancers are metabolizing
eating growing so it turns out that
cancers because they're growing so
quickly and because they're dependent so
acutely on nutrients are different from
normal cells lots of scientists have
known that cancers metabolize amino
acids to make proteins lucently and I
showed that cancer is metabolize sugar
especially when they're given stress
with a drug differently than normal
cells so there are in fact Achilles
heels for cancers which will not affect
normal cells but will affect cancer
cells you may have some side effects but
they're nowhere near what you would
expect from people
foreign